tagWeaponBluntB017=Laudos Vagra's Bludgeon
tagWeaponAxeB009=Nomos Dred's Axe
tagWeaponCrossbow2hB004=Rhovena Kur's Arbalest
tagMedalB017=Farros' Ribbon
tagMedalB018=Jillius' Ribbon
tagMedalB019=Neegan's Ribbon
tagNecklaceB011=Lutra's Seal
tagGDLHead001=Ramzul's Eye
tagGDLHead002=Krieg's Fleshmask
tagGDLHead003=Krieg's Bonemask
tagGDLFocus001=Tirgan's Soultether
tagGDLBlunt001=Balros' Fiery Arm
tagGDLBlunt002=Hagra's Chilling Arm
tagGDL2hgun002=Marrowill's Soulpiercer
tagGDL2hgun002_Desc="This will excite your soul!"
tagGDL2hmelee001=Titanclaw Slicer
tagGDL2hskill001=Titanic Leap
tagGDL2hskill001_Desc="ROAR!"
tagGDLNecklace01=Balok'Anatu's Gaze
tagGDLNecklace02=Bane'Galgalor's Gaze
tagGDLShield01=Durg's Charged Carapace
tagGDLShield02=Margul's Rotten Shell
tagGDLMedal001=Sylvarria's Vine
tagGDLMedal001_Desc="Prost!"